# 💭 Reflection: Game Glitch Investigator

Answer each question in 3 to 5 sentences. Be specific and honest about what actually happened while you worked. This is about your process, not trying to sound perfect.

## 1. What was broken when you started?

- What did the game look like the first time you ran it?
The game looked well 

- List at least two concrete bugs you noticed at the start  
  (for example: "the hints were backwards").
1) If the number was higher, the hint would say it was lower (and vice versa)
2) The first guess (regardless of validity) does not count towards the attempt counter (attempt counter does not go down)

**Bug Reproduction Log**

Document at least 3 bugs you found. Add rows as needed.

| Input | Expected Behavior | Actual Behavior | Console Output / Error |
|-------|-------------------|-----------------|------------------------|
| 32    | "Go HIGHER!" hint | "Go LOWER!" hint| None                   |
| cat (inputted twice) | "That is not a number." message, and attempt counter to stay the same.| "That is not a number." displayed, but the attempt counter foes down after second submission | None |
|54     | Attempt counter is supposed to go down by 1| Attempt counter stays the same| None |

---

## 2. How did you use AI as a teammate?

- Which AI tools did you use on this project (for example: ChatGPT, Gemini, Copilot)?
I used the Claude Code extension for VS Code. 

- Give one example of an AI suggestion that was correct (including what the AI suggested and how you verified the result).
One AI suggestion that was correct was moving the "attempts left: message to below the attempt increment. I verified it by walking through the logic myself and confirming that it was correct.

- Give one example of an AI suggestion that was incorrect or misleading (including what the AI suggested and how you verified the result).
One suggestion that was misleading was, once again, the suggestion to move the "attempts left: message to below the attempt increment. Although this corrected the logistical issue, the entire bar showing the attempts left moved from near the top to the bottom which was a UI consequence that was not noted by the the AI. 

---

## 3. Debugging and testing your fixes

- How did you decide whether a bug was really fixed?
I decided this when the pytest tests (which adequately test for edge cases) pass, as well as testing the app myself using different inputs.

- Describe at least one test you ran (manual or using pytest)  
  and what it showed you about your code.
One test that I ran was deliberately going higher or lower than the secret number (accessible through the debug info). From these tests, I found out that the hints ("go higher/lower") were incorrect.

- Did AI help you design or understand any tests? How?
Yes, the AI helped me design test cases used in pytest. The AI wrote the test cases and helped to account for edge cases that I originally did not think of. 

---

## 4. What did you learn about Streamlit and state?

- How would you explain Streamlit "reruns" and session state to a friend who has never used Streamlit?
I learned that Streamlit is a platform that allows you to turn data scripts into interactive web applications. It possesses a "session state" that allows you to save and persist variables across script reruns, which is useful for ensuring select data is kept throughout reruns of the code. 


---

## 5. Looking ahead: your developer habits

- What is one habit or strategy from this project that you want to reuse in future labs or projects?
One strategy I will reuse in future labs and projects is the utilization of pytest and the ability of the AI to write test cases for it. Testing your code is important!

  - This could be a testing habit, a prompting strategy, or a way you used Git.
- What is one thing you would do differently next time you work with AI on a coding task?
One thing I would do differently is  commit and push my code more often, as well as utilizing branches in git. I didn't come across any terrible mistakes in this exercise, but it's good practice to have different versions of the code in the event something goes wrong.

- In one or two sentences, describe how this project changed the way you think about AI generated code.
This project changed the way I think about AI generated code by making me realize that code generated by AI isn't always accurate and requires verification. 
